DOCS-3969: Add regex info to log page (#4285)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/manage/troubleshoot/troubleshoot.md

{{<gif webm_src="/fleet/log-filtering.webm" mp4_src="/fleet/log-filtering.mp4" alt="Filter logs by term of log level in the UI" max-width="800px">}}

You can filter your logs by keyword, log levels and time.

> You can use regular expressions as your keyword.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use a regular expression as your keyword.
```
[nit]
